entire	whole	In the hospital and in the _ region there's not a single biomedical engineer.	entire	whole
entire	whole	So you can think of it as tent poles that actually raise the density of the _ city.	entire	whole
entire	whole	I went back and I transformed my _ company into a one-buttock company."	entire	whole
entire	whole	And he was the King of England, and that was the _ wealth of England at the time.	entire	whole
entire	whole	Last month scientists reported the _ continent is now in negative ice balance.	entire	whole
entire	whole	And then when you shine light on the _ network, just that cell type will be activated.	entire	whole
entire	whole	And suddenly we had Netscape, and we had Yahoo and we had, indeed, the _ dotcom bubble.	entire	whole
entire	whole	You can either delete an _ conversation thread or one specific message from a conversation.	entire	whole
entire	whole	Select beginning of time to clear your _ browsing history.	entire	whole
entire	whole	That means each of you will contain on a CD your _ gene code.	entire	whole
entire	whole	He saw that this was a living and breathing and vital part of how the _ urban area functioned.	entire	whole
entire	whole	The _ Encyclopedia Britannica bound in a single volume, for travel purposes.	entire	whole
entire	whole	(Laughter) Three things I've tried to avoid my _ life.	entire	whole
entire	whole	Do I need to use SSL with my _ website or just specific pages?	entire	whole
entire	whole	If you've returned part of your order, but not the _ order, learn how your refund is calculated.	entire	whole
entire	whole	Mau was, in fact, gathering explicit data using his _ body.	entire	whole
entire	whole	The best four minutes of my _ life were those in the Olympic stadium.	entire	whole
entire	whole	At any time, you can pause this feature and remove individual searches or your _ history.	entire	whole
entire	whole	So let's look at this in the context of the _ electromagnetic spectrum, where we have gamma rays.	entire	whole
entire	whole	Next, I make the structure of the _ piece with my teachers.	entire	whole
cogitate	think	And we _ about this for about four years.	cogitated	thought
incorrect	wrong	If you think that a sitelink URL is inappropriate or _, you can demote it.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	We may be _ detecting your IP address.	incorrectly	wrongly
incorrect	wrong	if you find that it is _, you can fix your business location marker from your Google Places account.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	To fix the location maker for your business that appears _ on Google follow these steps:	incorrectly	wrongly
incorrect	wrong	Click Edit on the listing that has the _ location marker.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	Don’t use reviews to report _ information about a place--use the Report a problem link for that place instead.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	Then I'm going to have to make an argument why you're _ about the other assumption.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	If you can’t remove the _ category from your Google Places account, use the Report a problem link to tell us about your issue.	incorrect	wrong
incorrect	wrong	If you use any form of visual editor to insert JavaScript into your pages, check to make sure it hasn't _ changed the script.	incorrectly	wrongly
incorrect	wrong	Your meta tag is _.	incorrect	wrong
moreover	also	And _, it profoundly changes your perceptions by what you do.	moreover	also
moreover	also	_, we realized that you can start out as being a beaver specialist, but you can look up what an aspen needs.	moreover	also
permit	let	Audio recordings may or may not be _.	permitted	let
permit	let	And they're making this argument wherever they're _ to make it.	permitted	let
beverage	drink	All of my _ are packaged in plastic, even at the health food market.	beverages	drinks
purchase	buy	And so in 1982, a Spanish company with an environmental conscience _ the land.	purchased	bought
purchase	buy	The seller's contact information will appear on the Order Receipt page for your _.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	_ Products shows how many different products (SKUs) were sold.	purchased	bought
purchase	buy	We will only ask you to complete a _ after you have securely signed in to your account.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	You can use your existing Google Checkout account to _ digital and virtual goods.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	It's normal to experience a delay of up to 24 hours before _ storage is added to your account.	purchased	bought
purchase	buy	And they're looking for ways to extract value out of every _ that they make.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	Receipts are available for all physical and digital purchases from your mobile device.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	The installation method will vary depending on your web server and the type of certificate you _.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	You can _ additional Google storage at any time.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	Then, you paste that code snippet in the HTML for the "Thank you for your _!"	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	You can make purchases through Google Wallet using a credit, debit, or gift card with the following logos:	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	I was purchasing something -- I was buying my right to go on with my day and not necessarily be bothered by this bad news.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	Origin cannot, for example, process a video game _ without first collecting and verifying your personal information.	purchase	buy
purchase	buy	And by the time the movie comes out in May, this will be updated to 2.0 and we will have click-through _ of offsets.	purchases	buys
purchase	buy	We are considering the _ of…	purchase	buy
sufficient	enough	For license plate identification, 150 lux may be _.	sufficient	enough
sufficient	enough	Why is what has been achieved, or what the movement has done, been necessary but not _ to the crime?	sufficient	enough
sufficient	enough	cheque without _ funds	sufficient	enough
terminate	end	Repeat infringers' files are removed and their accounts are _.	terminated	ended
terminate	end	This project is hereby _.	terminated	ended	
require	need	So perhaps we could develop a strategy of change, which _ humility.	requires	needs
require	need	But traditional incubators _ electricity and cost up to 20 thousand dollars.	require	need
require	need	It turns out to be, in principle, incapable of doing the job _ of it.	required	needed
require	need	Depending on your location, we may be _ to collect tax-related information from you.	required	needed
require	need	Because to imitate a complex act _ my brain to adopt the other person's point of view.	requires	needs
require	need	In other cases, it may _ changing the implementation of your ads.	require	need
require	need	Jabra understood how to incorporate all the functions we _.	required	needed
require	need	Pages with lots of text, _ users to scroll down the page.	requiring	needing
require	need	If you _ any further information, feel free to contact me.	require	need
require	need	And they actually -- although it's great they don't _ fuel -- they have some disadvantages.	require	need
require	need	It's going to _ an understanding that the glory of globalization could also be its downfall.	require	need
require	need	Axis Certification is now _ for Axis Solution Partners.	required	needed
require	need	The height and width parameters are _ for this option.	required	needed
require	need	The way people figure odds _ that we first talk a bit about pigs.	requires	needs
require	need	In other words, this machine _ a lot of stuff that this hospital cannot offer.	required	needed
require	need	The only downside is that it _ you to know how to text -- send a text message.	requires	needs
require	need	You'll then be _ to enter this PIN in your account.	required	needed
require	need	And in interactions with people, almost all the time, it is this kind of flexibility that is _.	required	needed
require	need	401 (Not authorized) The request _ authentication.	requires	needs
desire	want	Click the Share button and select your _ sharing service from the drop-down menu.	desired	wanted
desire	want	Zynga has risen on the consumer's _ to not want to be locked in to fixed-cost.	desire	want
desire	want	I hope that I've given you the _ to learn to see the world with new eyes.	desire	want
desire	want	for the use of the Working Group at its 13th session as _.	desired	wanted
desire	want	And even though I _ to do an identity that doesn't use the architecture, I failed at that.	desired	wanted
desire	want	Once you have highlighted the _ column of cells, click continue button.	desired	wanted
desire	want	You may be able to cancel your order and re-place it with the _ changes.	desired	wanted
desire	want	But the extension of the logic is that you don't need to fulfill your _ to be happy.	desire	want
desire	want	However, there may be situations where this is not _.	desired	wanted
desire	want	Once you've made the _ updates, click Save.	desired	wanted
desire	want	Now even if we get to 40 miles per gallon by 2020, which is our _.	desire	want
desire	want	Select your _ time zone	desired	wanted
desire	want	So I showed up with the _ to just write a check, and instead, I wrote a check that I had no freaking idea how I was going to cash.	desire	want
desire	want	Manually enter your _ location by typing in city or zip code if you want to search somewhere other than your current location	desired	wanted
desire	want	Choose your _ language	desired	wanted
inform	tell	They may have a lot of opinions about it, but they're not going to be terribly _.	informed	told
inform	tell	No doubt, I was _, the consent had been obtained.	informed	told
inform	tell	And so this _, among other things, of course, a treatment for bone marrow transplant, which he undertakes.	informs	tells
inform	tell	We are sorry to _ you that…	inform	tell
inform	tell	When you track conversions, your conversion data will appear in your reports to help you make _ campaign management decisions.	informed	told
inform	tell	How do you get _?	informed	told
repair	fix	He _ injured feelings that might have escalated into permanent hostility.	repaired	fixed
repair	fix	But gradually, as the buildings are _, we will see the accretion of a limestone reef beneath the city.	repaired	fixed
repair	fix	DNA _ genes are more active in these animals.	repair	fix
repair	fix	Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also _ that broken dignity.	repair	fix
repair	fix	And so all you need is the spare parts from your Toyota and the ability to fix a headlight, and you can _ this thing.	repair	fix
regarding	about	I need clarification _ the policy that my site is violating.	regarding	about
demonstrate	show	What it _ is that babies take statistics on a new language.	demonstrated	showed
demonstrate	show	And I'm going to _ for you. (Laughter) I'm not going to hurt you. Don't worry. 	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	But the nice thing about visual illusion is we can easily _ mistakes.	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	Now, China dramatically _ both the potential and the challenges of working with rules.	demonstrates	shows
demonstrate	show	Now, if you are interested, I will _ some underground techniques.	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	Read the Getting Started tutorial, which _ how to add a new campaign.	demonstrates	shows
demonstrate	show	What these pictures _ is that we do feel the pain of others, however distantly.	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	PJC: So when Tyrone tells me that the placenta is an ancient organ, I'm thinking, how do I _ that?	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	This one does a great job of _ the creativity that people have when they make and mail me a postcard.	demostrating	showing
demonstrate	show	I don't know if that was necessary to _ -- (Laughter) -- but my point is it's the sound of self-destruction.	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	Nice to be able to _ that for you.	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	The modern tools of neuroscience are _ to us that what's going on up there is nothing short of rocket science.	demostrating	showing
demonstrate	show	But not so -- let me _. 	demonstrate	show
demonstrate	show	The shape of the graph _ that…	demonstrates	shows
demonstrate	show	In this example, although the mammogram found one tumor, we were able to _ three discrete tumors -- one is small as three millimeters.	demonstrate	show
observe	watch	A public, Dewey long ago _, is constituted through discussion and debate.	observed	watched
observe	watch	And as we treated these cells with this molecule, we _ something really striking.	observed	watched
observe	watch	You can find exactly the same articles written about everything that people are _.	observing	watching
observe	watch	If they'd been _ in phase, the theory would have been refuted.	observed	watched
observe	watch	So he wrote that he had seen -- "I have _ that the furthest planet has three bodies."	observed	watched
observe	watch	The second challenge is the actual device for _ brainwaves.	observing	watching
observe	watch	Now this is a very well-_ and well-established notion for behavior change.	observed	watched
observe	watch	What I mean by that is that it passively _ people as they live their lives.	observes	watches
observe	watch	In fact, I grew up _ two different kinds of womanhood.	observing	watching
observe	watch	And I was _ what happened to people and their families over the course of their terminal illness.	observing	watching
observe	watch	One of our partners at Johns Hopkins was _ surgeries in Sierra Leone about a year ago.	observing	watching
observe	watch	As an empirical phenomenon, ... has been _ repeatedly.	observed	watched
observe	watch	Now, we can use the tools of the 21st century to try and _ what is, rather than ask what should be, believed.	observe	watch
observe	watch	And we compare that to the fame that we _.	observe	watch
observe	watch	Well, over the past decade, we have _ three main negative consequences to offering people more and more choices.	observed	watched
observe	watch	And I did that; I put on my ritualistic dress; I went to the holy mosque; I did my prayers; I _ all the rituals.	observed	watched
observe	watch	What you expect is basically what you _.	observe	watch
observe	watch	We've _ this in the laboratory.	observed	watched
observe	watch	to _ good manners	observe	watch
observe	watch	He's an interesting little kid -- and his sister, Celine -- and what he's doing here is _ the self-assembly of his Cheerios in his cereal bowl.	observing	watching
cease	stop	We like our suffering because it's so good when it _ for a while."	ceases	stops
cease	stop	As an eighth-century Japanese poet said, "My longing had no time when it _."	ceases	stops
cease	stop	to work without _.	cease	stop
attempt	try	The self that I _ to take out into the world was rejected over and over again.	attempted	tried
attempt	try	And we're going to _ the first air-righting response in a tail, with a robot.	attempt	try
attempt	try	So I'm _ to say, if we take technology's view of the world, what does it want?	attempting	trying
attempt	try	Research shows that 19 out of 20 people who _ suicide will fail.	attempt	try
attempt	try	My first _ on pure O2, I was able to go up to 15 minutes.	attempt	try
attempt	try	The history of _ to tinker with the function of the nervous system is long and illustrious.	attempts	tries
attempt	try	There are several reasons why you may be seeing an error message when _ to link your accounts.	attempting	trying
attempt	try	Each _ was substantially different from the other.	attempt	try
attempt	try	It's our _ to influence things, the universe internal to ourselves and external to us.	attempt	try
attempt	try	The foregoing discussion has _ to…	attempted	tried
attempt	try	And then I'm going to _ onscreen animation here.	attempt	try
attempt	try	And this lady decided, after a year of _ treatment of that ulcer, that she would try this new therapy that Steve invented.	attempted	tried
attempt	try	And it's our _ to quantify beauty by finding which regions of the brain are interactive while witnessing something beautiful.	attempt	try
attempt	try	They're _ to bring order to chaos. Well, why aren't we? 	attempting	trying
